Feature/pxb approval (#203)
pxblue/doc-it: src/docs/community/innersourcing.mdx

import { Divider, ImageGrid, NewFeatureFormButton } from '../../app/components';
import FourStepsImg from '../../app/assets/pxblue-conformity.svg';

# Innersource into PX Blue

One of the primary goals of Power Xpert Blue is to eliminate the need for teams to duplicate effort. If you have built something using Power Xpert Blue that you think would benefit other development teams, we would love to hear from you. Please click the button below and fill out the form to submit your new ideas.

<NewFeatureFormButton />

Alternatively, you may [send us an email](/community/contactus).

> ## Developers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Submitting Code Directly
```

> Developers can also choose add a feature by [creating a pull request on our GitHub](https://github.com/pxblue). Please check out our [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/pxblue/.github/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) before you get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers can also choose to add a feature by creating a pull request on our [GitHub](https://github.com/pxblue). Please check out our [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/pxblue/.github/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) before you get started.
```

> We build our code examples using GitHub and use several online tools for sharing them. These tools allow for importing GitHub repositories and making the code runnable and editable in an online IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We build our code examples using GitHub and use several online tools for sharing them. These tools allow you to import GitHub repositories and make the code runnable and editable in an online IDE.
```

> -   For Angular and Ionic projects, we use [StackBlitz](http://www.stackblitz.com).
> -   For React we use [Code Sandbox](https://codesandbox.io).
> -   For React Native we use [Snack](https://snack.expo.io/). Snack requires that your project is built using the [Expo CLI](https://docs.expo.io/workflow/expo-cli/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   For Angular, React, and Ionic projects we use [Code Sandbox](https://codesandbox.io).
-   For React Native we use [Snack](https://snack.expo.io/). Snack requires that your project is built using the [Expo CLI](https://docs.expo.io/workflow/expo-cli/).
```

If you have not used these tools before, they're a great way to play with code and make sharing code snippets much easier. We recommend that you try them out when submitting code samples to speed up the process.

## How We Innersource New Features

<ImageGrid
    images={[FourStepsImg]}
    gridImageProps={{ sm: 8 }}
    caption={'We take four steps to go through a newly proposed idea: evaluate, iterate, implement, and release.'}
/>

> The first step after we hear from you is to evaluate the popularity, importance, and feasibility of the proposed idea. How "trendy" is this practice? How many Eaton applications are using it? How many will be using it in the future? Is this a low-hanging fruit or does it require intense attention? Once this is decided, we will get back to you whether or not we can inner source it and, if we do, what the timeline looks like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After we hear from you about an innersourcing opportunity, our first step is to evaluate the proposed idea. How common is this practice? How many Eaton applications use it? How many will use it in the future? Is this a low-hanging fruit or does it require significant effort? Once we reach a conclusion, we will get in touch with you about next steps.
```

> Next, we will gather our designers and developers to iterate for a better PX Blue conformity, if necessary. We would check for colors, components, and layouts to ensure that the proposed idea aligns with our existing patterns. During this iteration process, we might contact you from time to time to exchange ideas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we move forward with the innersourcing effort, the next step is to perform a detailed audit (both design and development where appropriate) to evaluate conformity with PX Blue. We will evaluate your usage of colors, components, and layouts to ensure that the proposed idea aligns with our existing patterns and we will also evaluate the overall re-usability of what you have created. During this process, we may contact you from time to time to ask questions or discuss parts of your submission.
```

> We then queue it up for a scheduled quarter release (see our [roadmap](/roadmap) for details). Depends on the demand, we would implement it in the Figma team library (designers), NPM packages, and/or design pattern code examples (developers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, submissions will require some amount of iteration or updates before they will be brought into the PX Blue design system. These updates can be performed by you or the PX Blue team depending on availability and timeframe. We will work with you to establish a plan for releasing the new materials and add it to one of our scheduled quarterly releases (see our [roadmap](/roadmap) for details). Depending on the nature of the materials, they will be added to our Figma library (designs), NPM packages, and/or design pattern code examples (code).
```

> Finally, we officially release it. For developers, you might be able to use our pre-released beta packages for a preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: So no mentioning of those pre-release packages?

Reviewer: I would shy away from encouraging people to use them in their applications. But if you want to say something about it you could say something like "Occasionally, code may be available for testing in the form of alpha or beta packages prior to its official release"
